#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass IEEEtran
\begin_preamble
% for subfigures/subtables
\usepackage[caption=false,font=footnotesize]{subfig}
\end_preamble
\options journal
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language british
\language_package none
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures false
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command bibtex
\index_command default
\float_placement tbh
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_title "Your Title"
\pdf_author "Your Name"
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered true
\pdf_bookmarksopen true
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks false
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle false
\pdf_quoted_options "pdfpagelayout=OneColumn, pdfnewwindow=true, pdfstartview=XYZ, plainpages=false"
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine biblatex
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plain
\biblio_options bibstyle=ieee,citestyle=numeric-comp,dashed=false
\biblatex_bibstyle authoryear
\biblatex_citestyle authoryear
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style british
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 2
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Conclusions
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "sec:conclusions"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In this paper, as a conclusion it can be said that the sudden transition
 of a change in training has not affected the results obtained by the students.
 Thanks to the school's strategy of betting on technology in the classroom
 and the digitization of educational content, online training has been carried
 out satisfactorily.
 Investing in teacher training in digital resources has been key so that
 the entire educational community has suddenly adapted successfully to the
 new situation.
 The analysis carried out reinforces the idea that digital resources help
 in the learning process.
 With the experience lived, measures have already been taken to face the
 next course with an uncertain reality for the moment.
 However, the results obtained will help make decisions to advance in this
 regard and improve, for a possible transition that may occur in the future.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A sudden change in the way of working is not easy to manage, but in the
 case of Maristak Durango it has been almost automatic, thanks to the effort
 made by the entire teaching team.
 All the teachers have coordinated very well so that everything worked correctly
 and although they have worked with great uncertainty, each day they reaffirmed
 that they were doing well.
 A school involved in research and technology projects, which is well prepared
 in ICT, has everything going for it so that everything works out correctly
 when any type of change occurs.
 This experience has served to propose with more reliability and security
 the possibility of taking a step forward and fearlessly promoting a blended
 format in the near future.
 Para hacer frente al futuro educativo inminente con garantía, es imprescindible
 que se invierta en tecnología, tanto en recursos como en formación.
 The study carried out contributes to the conclusion that Maristak Durango
 is an archetypal institution good in ICT.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
