#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass IEEEtran
\begin_preamble
% for subfigures/subtables
\usepackage[caption=false,font=footnotesize]{subfig}
\end_preamble
\options journal
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language british
\language_package none
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures false
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command bibtex
\index_command default
\float_placement tbh
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_title "Your Title"
\pdf_author "Your Name"
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered true
\pdf_bookmarksopen true
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks false
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle false
\pdf_quoted_options "pdfpagelayout=OneColumn, pdfnewwindow=true, pdfstartview=XYZ, plainpages=false"
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\branch alternate intro
\selected 1
\filename_suffix 0
\color #000000
\end_branch
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style british
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 2
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Introduction
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "sec:intro"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Flex Paragraph Start
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Argument 1
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
C
\end_layout

\end_inset

hanges
\end_layout

\end_inset

 are usually welcome in (and by) the educational sphere.
 The teaching/learning experience is (and should always be) a dynamic process
 and educational institutions are usually keen and efficient when it comes
 to adapt themselves to new methodological pedagogical trends, government
 orders/decrees (i.e., modifications in education laws) and any other relevant
 social circumstances.
 Students (above all the younger ones) are also generally able to adapt
 themselves to these transitions with ease.
 Needless to say, the teaching/institutional workforce may also count on
 youth as a powerful ally.
 However, when these events take place in a radical short period of time,
 it might be no so straightforward to circumvent all the possible associated
 problems and issues.
 A special kind of adaptation is that related to the sudden and unrehearsed
 transitions from conventional classroom to online learning.
 This might be the typical disastrous outline associated to catastrophe-level
 events that take place in a city or a region (floods, fires, earthquakes,
 etc.), country-wise (political instability, widespread riots, civil confrontatio
ns, etc.), or even globally (pandemics, disasters at nuclear power plants)
 or in a single school (architectural or construction deficiencies, etc.).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A clear example of the type of global rapid and unforeseen emergency situation
 is the one that accompanied the recent COVID-19 outbreak.
 The Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Corona Virus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) forced,
 between March and April 2020, a great deal of the world’s educational instituti
ons to close their doors and shut down all ordinary classroom activity.
 Fortunately, most educators found more or less their way around this suspension
 by swiftly and diligently switching to an online format.
 This entailed moving their classes from a typical face to face (F2F) setting
 over to a distant learning (DL) fashion, overnight (a F2F2DL turnover).
 For the most part, teachers could count on the help and technical support
 of their home institutions.
 Sometimes, however, teachers felt somehow forced to figure out by themselves
 how to carry out such a colossal changeover process.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Clearly, those institutions that had internalised a culture of fostering
 ICT among staff and students have better weather the elements across the
 aforementioned pandemic.
 The school Maristas-Durango is a sharp example of this type of academic
 communities.
 As we will develop in 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:maristas"

\end_inset

, Maristas-Durango is in turn part of the Maristas Ibérica section of the
 Maristas educational mission.
 This vocational/religious society fosters with special care all digital-related
 skills within its academic centres.
 As we will prove in 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:results"

\end_inset

, this procedural and pedagogical approach has had a tangible positive impact
 in the F2F2DL process that has recently taken place.
 With more detail, Maristas-Durango provides education to more than 360
 secondary-level students, both in vocational education and training (VET)
 and high-school (HS) studies.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The rest of the paper is organised as follows.
 Since we are analysing a specific F2F2DL process with the recent pandemic
 as the background for this study, in 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:covid+education"

\end_inset

, we quickly review the impact that the 2019 coronavirus crisis has had
 in the learning sphere, both globally and in the Spanish educational system
 in particular.
 The Maristas educational community and its strong relation with ICT is
 further discussed in 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:maristas"

\end_inset

.
 The details around the statistical study carried out in this work is developed
 in 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:materials+methods"

\end_inset

.
 The results obtained are discussed in 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:results"

\end_inset

, and finally, our conclusions are drawn in 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:conclusions"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
