#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass IEEEtran
\begin_preamble
% for subfigures/subtables
\usepackage[caption=false,font=footnotesize]{subfig}
\end_preamble
\options journal
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language british
\language_package none
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures false
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command bibtex
\index_command default
\float_placement tbh
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_title "Your Title"
\pdf_author "Your Name"
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered true
\pdf_bookmarksopen true
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks false
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle false
\pdf_quoted_options "pdfpagelayout=OneColumn, pdfnewwindow=true, pdfstartview=XYZ, plainpages=false"
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine biblatex
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plain
\biblio_options bibstyle=ieee,citestyle=numeric-comp,dashed=false
\biblatex_bibstyle authoryear
\biblatex_citestyle authoryear
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style british
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 2
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
The Maristas educational community
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "sec:maristas"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Marist educational community has a social commitment to respond to today's
 society, where the educational proposal must be updated.
 The orientation towards methodological innovation and the culture of continuous
 improvement have become strategic axes.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Educational innovation is commitment, effort, collaboration and reflection;
 and to contribute with this, an innovation framework has been developed
 that will allow defining, in a unified way, what is intended to be done
 in the area of innovation for all the education centers that are part of
 
\begin_inset Quotes bld
\end_inset

Maristas Ibérica
\begin_inset Quotes brd
\end_inset

, in order to establish common criteria that they must be taken into account
 from the model of person to educate, so that each school starts from the
 same base when it comes to addressing in its strategy, the processes related
 to innovation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
According to the Provincial Innovation Framework Document [*], among the
 features of the innovative center are four categories in which the options
 for change in a center can be grouped: structure, technology, physical
 environment and people.
 The lines of strategic development that can be useful in the innovative
 approach of the schools are cooperative learning and collaborative learning.
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Cooperative360"
literal "true"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The key resources for innovation are: training, technology, budget and time.
 The purpose of the innovation has to produce some kind of improvement,
 generally solving a need, obtaining better results or maintaining the results,
 reducing the effort necessary to obtain them.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In all the educational stages there is a similarity regarding the order
 of the elements chosen as the most necessary for the development of innovation:
 the time to prepare activities or programs or improve existing ones, training
 on educational, technological and organizational novelties , and a center
 strategy that sets innovation objectives.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
One of the criteria for implementing innovation in a Marist school is that
 of Information and Communication Technologies, where the aim is to promote
 in students the ability to search, analyze, use, produce and share their
 own information, using ICT as transversal knowledge to adequately function
 in digital culture and society.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Currently, education faces the challenge of preparing professionals to be
 able to integrate into a world mediated by rapid technological advance.
 Students must be prepared to adapt to the current changing society and
 be able to apply for emerging jobs in the best possible conditions.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Today's students consider themselves digital natives and use technology
 on a daily basis, but in very different ways, depending on their age and
 economic status.
 Educators' job is to make sure they receive the same tools and knowledge
 to help reduce the digital divide.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The methodological proposal raises a new technological paradigm, where the
 focus of Information Technology turns to Learning Technology, so that technolog
y serves as a vehicle to achieve meaningful learning by students.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As objectives, the aim is to improve the digital competence of students,
 measuring the evolution in the acquisition of this competence.
 And on the other hand, establish technological tools as elements of methodologi
cal support for teachers, to improve and in some cases enable, the teaching-lear
ning process.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Any technological initiative, be it an individual or collective methodological
 proposal, or a technological project of the center, should present common
 characteristics such as, objectives, impact, evaluation of the proposal,
 prior training, necessary resources, dissemination, improvements, safety
 and sustainability.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The degree of acquisition of digital competence can be measured, determining
 the level reached by students according to the classification at different
 levels.
 Each of the specific competencies determines the level of acquisition of
 levels based on different skills that the student is able to demonstrate.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Department of Education of the Basque Government, through the “DECREE
 174/2012, of September 11, which approves the Technological Maturity Model
 of the Educational Center (ICT Maturity) and establishes the certifications
 and certifying stamps of the different maturity levels of educational centers”[
*] proposes a new Technological Modernization plan for educational centers
 in order to adapt them to the society of the current century, as well as
 with the aim of promoting a methodological change in teaching processes
 - learning.
 The plan is focused on the technological updating of the teaching staff,
 the incorporation of digital content in the different subjects, the implementat
ion of telematic platforms that support pedagogical, administrative and
 communication work and relations with the school community.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Educational Maturity Model of the Educational Center [*] will serve
 as a frame of reference with which to compare and to have as a shared objective
; and to be a guide for the effective and efficient digitization of the
 pedagogical and administrative processes of each educational center.
 This model allows obtaining an exact diagnosis of the technological situation
 of a school, and the improvement path to follow to reach the agreed level.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This model allows assessing the degree of digitization of the processes
 of a school and marking the line to follow in terms of technologies, practices
 and capacities of all agents of the educational community, to achieve the
 following levels of technological maturity, taking into account the peculiariti
es and specific needs of each center.
 The model is structured in three levels (basic, medium and advanced) that
 gradually increase the degree of digitization of the processes of an educationa
l center and the involvement of teachers in the use of ICT.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Maristak Durango school, belonging to the network of centers of the
 Iberian Marist Province and dependent on the Department of Education of
 the Basque Government, passed the evaluation carried out by the Directorate
 of Educational Innovation of the Basque Government, achieving the Advanced
 Level of ICT maturity in 2018.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
A brief presentation to Maristas Iberica
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Marist Provinces [*] with activities in Spain (Compostela, Ibérica,
 L´Hermitage and Mediterránea) constitute a group called "Marist Conference
 of Provinces with activities in Spain" (CME).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Every year the CME coordinates the preparation of didactic materials and
 resources around a motto, which serves as motivation throughout the course
 for the classrooms of the four Marist Provinces with activities in Spain.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Iberian Province [*] is one of the Marist Provinces that has activities
 in Spain and Romania, with 15 schools, 3 social activities and more than
 15,000 students.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
COVID-19 and Maristak Durango
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "sec:durango"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maristak Durango Ikastetxea [*] is an Educational Community of social initiative
, concerted, confessional, committed to today's environment and society,
 open to all people from simplicity and closeness.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Currently, all the educational activity of the center is carried out in
 person.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The educational stages taught at Maristak Durango are divided into 3 sections:
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
High School (136 students): 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Humanistic and Social Sciences (models A and D).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Scientific and technological (models A and D).
 
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Vocation and Education Training (VET Cycles): 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Basic (55 students): Electricity and Electronics, and Manufacture of Metal
 Elements (model A).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Middle Grade (130 students): Administrative Management, Electrical and Automatic
 Installations, and Mechanized (model A).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Higher Degree (186 students): Network Computer Systems Administration, Administr
ation and Finance, and Automation and Industrial Robotics (model A).
 Design of Mechanical Manufacturing (model D).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Specializations: Die-cutter, Robotics, and Cybersecurity (model A).
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Training for Employment (non-regulated training).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
According to data from non-university education in the Basque Country 2018/2019,
 published by the Statistics of School Activity, Department of Education
 of the Basque Government [*], in the autonomous community there are 387
 centers that offer high school and / or voacational education.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The students by level, sex and model are distributed as follows:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
High School: 30,272 (women: 16,408.
 model A: 9,190 and model D: 19,334).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Vocation and Education Training: 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Basic: 4,570 (women: 1,320.
 model A: 4,219 and model D: 67).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Middle Grade: 14,732 (women: 5,148.
 model A: 8,777 and model D: 3,045).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Higher Degree: 21,468 (women: 7,691.
 model A: 12,925 and model D: 5,142).
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Standard
According to the data published from the survey on Information and Communication
 Technologies in the Educational Centers of the Basque Country 2016-17 [*],
 59.18% of the centers in the Basque Country participate in projects related
 to educational technologies,where includes Maristak Durango.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In relation to the applied methodologies, VET cycles works in the ETHAZI
 (High Performance Cycles) model [*tknika*], where the central element on
 which the whole learning model is articulated is collaborative based learning
 based on challenges, and Cooperative Learning in High School.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Due to the current situation in relation to COVID-19, the college determines
 and establishes issues related to the technological development of the
 center, which help to foresee, as far as possible, various actions in the
 face of a new upswing.
 For this reason, tasks, managers and timing of all the computer processes
 planned for the beginning of the next course have been defined.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Transition from face-to-face education to online:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Thanks to the work done so far in terms of digitizing content and incorporating
 technology in the classroom, the transition has been more feasible.
 Both teachers and students have been prepared to face change in a satisfactory
 way, being able to respond to the needs of the situation.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Within the digital project, a plan is established for the next academic
 year with the aim of reinforcing, advancing, and improving the centre's
 strategy.
 Currently, 100% of students work on digital skills in the classroom and
 teachers are in continuous training in digital skills applying a combination
 of educational tools, in addition to a careful selection of third-party
 applications with proven efficacy and safety in the educational field.
 , which are collected on a tools website with videos, manuals, instructions,
 tips and good practices.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Most of the content is digitized and digital books designed for the purpose
 of presenting information using different resources such as text, graphics,
 animations, audios, videos, etc.
 will be used.
 that help the understanding of the subjects.
 The school has online platforms, with digital material equivalent to books
 generated by Maristak staff, and additional material, activities, etc.,
 which will help students to better understand the content of the subjects.
 In addition, students may have the necessary software licenses to install
 on their devices.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Regarding devices, a commitment is made to the Bring Your Own Device (BYOD)
 model.
 Faced with a situation of this type and others that may occur, it has been
 seen the need to promote from the center the possibility that students
 have their own device to work from anywhere, which will allow them to alternate
 face-to-face classes with online class.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
During the period of confinement, 51 students have requested that the center
 leave them a device to work at home.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
[...]
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As for infrastructures, all classrooms are equipped with an internet connection
 and in a secure manner, in addition to a multimedia classroom with computers
 for the exclusive use of students.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For distance learning, the selection of tools, programs and platforms used
 and prior training with digital tools is key.
 For example: chrome (with extensions), gmail, google calendar, drive, documents
, sheets, slides, forms, corubrics, moodle, classroom, google meet, hangouts,
 Jamboard, etc.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Methodology (example):
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
The class is created in Classroom.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The class assignments are created in Classroom (with due date).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The office tools (docs, sheets, slides) are used in class activities and
 all documentation is saved in drive.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The evaluation rubric corresponding to the tasks is implemented through
 the CoRubrics plugin.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Students' work is reviewed directly in Classroom.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
For exams, questionnaires are created in Classroom with the forms tool.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The schedules of the virtual classes are stored in the Classroom calendar,
 which are linked to the corresponding meet room.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Students receive all notifications by mail (gmail).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The virtual classes are through meet (with grid view extension to view all
 students and assitance extension to export the list of attendees).
 Classes are recorded and automatically stored in drive, available to students.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The chrome Web Paint extension can be used to make corrections above the
 student‘s projection.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Jamboard is used as a whiteboard in the virtual class.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Hangouts for instant communications (chat), for example in an exam.
 
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Standard
During the learning process, student cooperation is very important, because
 students must work virtually both individually and in teams.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Regarding the evaluation process, individual or group demonstrations have
 been carried out through videoconference, in addition to individual virtual
 exams and questionnaires (sharing desk, recording and limiting time).
 To alleviate the situation, some measures have been taken when evaluating
 the student: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Slightly reduce the weight of the last challenges.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Greater flexibility and sensitivity with the current situation in the evaluation
 sessions.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Regarding student attendance and work, attendance at online sessions, level
 of communication / participation with teachers and work teams, emails,
 etc.
 have been measured weekly.
 And on the other hand, the delivery of works, activities, development of
 the tasks of the challenge, learning proposals, meeting deadlines has also
 been measured.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Results of the analysis carried out on the qualifications of the students
 in a normal situation compared to the emergency situation (online).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In order to compare the results of the students to analyze the impact of
 the sudden change in the format on their learning, the grades obtained
 in a period prior to the emergency situation were taken, where the training
 was carried out normally (face-to-face), and on the other hand, the qualificati
ons obtained in the period of the state of emergency have been taken, where
 100% of the training has been carried out in online format.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
[...]
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Tabular
<lyxtabular version="3" rows="6" columns="7">
<features tabularvalignment="middle">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top">
<row>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
STAGE
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
EVALUATED STUDENTS
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
PRE-COVID RATING
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
COVID RATING
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
DIFFERENCE
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
+ RESULTS
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
- RESULTS
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
HIGH SCHOOL
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
136
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
6.65
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
7.10
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
0.45
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
79%
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
21%
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
VET: BASIC
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
36
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
5.42
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
5.48
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
0.06
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
61%
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
39%
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
VET: MIDDLE
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
84
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
5.57
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
5.72
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
0.15
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
64%
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
36%
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
VET: HIGH
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
105
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
5.95
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
5.78
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
-0.17
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
43%
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
57%
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
TOTAL
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
361
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
5.90
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
6.02
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
0.12
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
62%
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
38
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset


\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Final results
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Tabular
<lyxtabular version="3" rows="4" columns="6">
<features tabularvalignment="middle">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top">
<column alignment="center" valignment="top">
<row>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
SEX
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
EVALUATED STUDENTS
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
%
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
PRE-COVID RATING
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
COVID RATING
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
DIFFERENCE
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
FEMALE
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
102
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
28%
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
5.93
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
6.64
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
0.71
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
MALE
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
259
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
72%
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
5.82
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
5.84
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
0.03
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
</row>
<row>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
TOTAL
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
361
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
100%
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
5.87
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
6.24
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
<cell alignment="center" valignment="top" topline="true" bottomline="true" leftline="true" rightline="true" usebox="none">
\begin_inset Text

\begin_layout Plain Layout
0.37
\end_layout

\end_inset
</cell>
</row>
</lyxtabular>

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Results by sex
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\end_inset

Family Satisfaction Report
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A survey was carried out to determine the degree of satisfaction of the
 families of the students, from which 84 responses were received and the
 following conclusions were drawn:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
[...]
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
