#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass IEEEtran
\begin_preamble
% for subfigures/subtables
\usepackage[caption=false,font=footnotesize]{subfig}
\end_preamble
\options journal
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language british
\language_package none
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures false
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 1
\bibtex_command bibtex
\index_command default
\float_placement tbh
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_title "Your Title"
\pdf_author "Your Name"
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered true
\pdf_bookmarksopen true
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks false
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle false
\pdf_quoted_options "pdfpagelayout=OneColumn, pdfnewwindow=true, pdfstartview=XYZ, plainpages=false"
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine biblatex
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plain
\biblio_options bibstyle=ieee,citestyle=numeric-comp,dashed=false
\biblatex_bibstyle authoryear
\biblatex_citestyle authoryear
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style british
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 2
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Materials and methods
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "sec:materials+methods"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For the school, it is important to analyze the transition from classroom
 to online education.
 Thanks to the work done so far in terms of digitizing content and incorporating
 technology in the classroom, the transition has been more feasible.
 Both teachers and students have been prepared to face change in a satisfactory
 way, being able to respond to the needs of the situation.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Within the digital project, a plan is established for the next academic
 year with the aim of reinforcing, advancing, and improving the centre's
 strategy.
 Currently, 100% of students work on digital skills in the classroom and
 teachers are in continuous training in digital skills applying a combination
 of educational tools, in addition to a careful selection of third-party
 applications with proven efficacy and safety in the educational field.
 , which are collected on a tools website with videos, manuals, instructions,
 tips and good practices.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Most of the content is digitized and digital books designed for the purpose
 of presenting information using different resources such as text, graphics,
 animations, audios, videos, etc.
 will be used.
 that help the understanding of the subjects.
 The school has online platforms, with digital material equivalent to books
 generated by Maristak staff, and additional material, activities, etc.,
 which will help students to better understand the content of the subjects.
 In addition, students may have the necessary software licenses to install
 on their devices.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Regarding devices, a commitment is made to the Bring Your Own Device (BYOD)
 model.
 Faced with a situation of this type and others that may occur, it has been
 seen the need to promote from the center the possibility that students
 have their own device to work from anywhere, which will allow them to alternate
 face-to-face classes with online class.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
During the period of confinement, of the 361 students evaluated, only 10%
 have required that the center give them a device to work from home.
 These students are Vocational students (19 higher, 14 middle and 3 basic),
 since all High School students have their own device, which has facilitated
 online work.
 The fact of requiring a work device has not been a problem in their results,
 since 53% of these students have improved their score, with a positive
 average difference of 0.22 points compared to 0.15 for the rest.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As for infrastructures, all classrooms are equipped with an internet connection
 and in a secure manner, in addition to a multimedia classroom with computers
 for the exclusive use of students.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For distance learning, the selection of tools, programs and platforms used
 and prior training with digital tools is key.
 For example: chrome (with extensions), Gmail, Google Calendar, Drive, Documents
, Sheets, Slides, Forms, Corubrics, Moodle, Classroom, Google Meet, Hangouts,
 Jamboard, etc.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
An example in terms of the methodology followed: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
The class is created in Classroom.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
The class assignments are created in Classroom (with due date).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
The office tools are used in class activities and all documentation is saved
 in drive.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
The evaluation rubric corresponding to the tasks is implemented through
 the CoRubrics plugin.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Students' work is reviewed directly in Classroom.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
For exams, questionnaires are created in Classroom with the forms tool.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
The schedules of the virtual classes are stored in the Classroom calendar,
 which are linked to the corresponding meet room.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Students receive all notifications by mail.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
The virtual classes are through meet, mixed with some Chrome extensions
 that make it easy to track the online class.
 Classes are recorded and automatically stored in drive, available to students.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Jamboard is used as a whiteboard in the virtual class and some Chrome extensions
 to make corrections about the student's work.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Hangouts for instant communications (chat), for example in an exam.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
During the learning process, student cooperation is very important, because
 students must work virtually both individually and in teams.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Regarding the evaluation process, individual or group demonstrations have
 been carried out through videoconference, in addition to individual virtual
 exams and questionnaires (sharing desk, recording and limiting time).
 To alleviate the situation, some measures have been taken when evaluating
 the student: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Slightly reduce the weight of the last challenges.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Greater flexibility and sensitivity with the current situation in the evaluation
 sessions.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Regarding student attendance and work, attendance at online sessions, level
 of communication / participation with teachers and work teams, emails,
 etc.
 have been measured weekly.
 And on the other hand, the delivery of works, activities, development of
 the tasks of the challenge, learning proposals, meeting deadlines has also
 been measured.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
