#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass IEEEtran
\begin_preamble
% for subfigures/subtables
\usepackage[caption=false,font=footnotesize]{subfig}
\end_preamble
\options journal
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language british
\language_package none
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures false
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command bibtex
\index_command default
\float_placement tbh
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_title "Your Title"
\pdf_author "Your Name"
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered true
\pdf_bookmarksopen true
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks false
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle false
\pdf_quoted_options "pdfpagelayout=OneColumn, pdfnewwindow=true, pdfstartview=XYZ, plainpages=false"
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine biblatex
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plain
\biblio_options bibstyle=ieee,citestyle=numeric-comp,dashed=false
\biblatex_bibstyle authoryear
\biblatex_citestyle authoryear
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style british
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 2
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
The COVID-19 outbreak and its impact on educational systems
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "sec:covid+education"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
En este sección hablar de lo que ha supuesto el covid a nivel educativo
 en España.
 Se puede empezar con una visión global.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Global impact of the 2019 coronavirus in education
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
The SARS-CoV-2 pandemic and the Spanish educational systems
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "sec:covid+spain"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Let’s face it: catastrophes have happened in the past and will undoubtedly
 happen in the future.
 Just like the COVID-19 disease outbreak (Huang et al., 2020) that has sadly
 shocked the entire world during the spring of 2020, other alterations in
 the status quo may also take place: wars, terrorist attacks, fuel or energy
 shortages, environmental disasters, regional famine, etc., just to name
 a few.
 Truth be told, this pandemic episode could have perfectly been the first
 episode ever having a tangible, simultaneous and worldwide impact in almost
 all educational systems.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
As stated, these alterations may also affect the educational sphere and
 may entail a sudden change in the educational methodologies applied.
 The most foreseeable immediate adjustment would normally have to do with
 the temporary interruption of ordinary classroom activities.
 However, should the same contingency pursue for an indefinite length of
 time (sine die) and should digital communications, fortunately, still operate
 (e.g., cellular data networks, access to the Internet, etc.), educators may
 decide to execute a sudden transition from a face-to-face (F2F) or ordinary
 educational methodology to an online and home-based format.
 This decision may rest on the shoulders of the government of a country,
 a supranational decision-making body, the school system of a district,
 a specific academic institution, a subset of the teaching community, or
 a segregated group of concerned educators.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
The academic institutions of China were the first to adopt this change in
 paradigm during the COVID-19 pandemic.
 With more detail, universities in the Chinese city of Wuhan, where the
 pandemic began, initially decided to simply postpone the re-opening of
 the different campuses.
 After a few weeks, it was clear that it would take months to provide a
 successful vaccine or an antiviral drug to fight against this elusive (and
 tragic) disease and its associated symptoms.
 Quarantining students for weeks or months would have had a severe impact
 on the campus economy—needless to say, on the lives of the students (and
 on the corresponding academic grades).
 According to Wang et al.
 (2020), most teachers had to resume their tasks using the so-called information
 technologies in combination with legacy broadcasting methods.
 As expected, this has raised very serious challenges:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
• Professors need to precipitously engage in atypical teaching methods.
 This usually entails a steep learning curve for educators in an emeritus
 position, which may, in turn, have an impact on the quality of the learning
 experience.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
• Learners in rural regions may not have decent access to the Internet and
 this may lead to inequalities and discrimination based on the geographical
 location and economic situation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
• Teachers/institutions providing recorded classes (now very easy, as we
 discussed in Section 3.2) may face legal problems if recordings are leaked
 outside the campus infrastructure.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Regarding pre-college academic tiers in Wuhan, the situation seems to have
 been comparatively easier.
 The Chinese Ministry of Education has estimated that over 220 million primary
 and secondary students are, at the time of this writing, home confined.
 Remarkable efforts were carried out to deliver, in just a few days, the
 corresponding curriculum through ordinary television broadcasts, the Internet,
 and Chinese-specific social online sites.
 In the case of this country, these social networking websites have proven
 to be helpful for informal education.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
The second country in the list to establish similar directives was India,
 where its national government initially issued recommendations and personal
 behaviour guidelines related to social distancing among students.
 However, after a few weeks in which the situation reached an ungovernable
 turning point, the closure of all educational institutions was decided.
 With more chronological detail, a petition was signed online by more than
 50,000 teachers asking for these types of measures, which the government
 originally considered too radical to undertake.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
The cases of China and India are the first-ever, test-bed lab experiences
 regarding student confinement and sudden transition to e-learning environments
 (STeLE).
 However, at the time of this writing, almost all educational systems have
 followed a similar path.
 This is the first global STeLE event and it is worth analysing the current
 status of online classroom methods, reviewing the pros and cons of such
 an unexpected, mid-course change in the teaching and learning practices.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Historically, this type of transition has taken place before and these instances
 have been analysed accordingly (Nemanich, Banks, and Vera, 2009).
 Past research efforts have carefully examined the differences between and
 the effectiveness of conventional classrooms and online learning environments.
 Spivey and McMillan (2014), for example, discussed the difference in the
 assessment methods between online and face-to-face education.
 Kemp and Grieve (2014) analysed the performance of tests carried out in
 both educational worlds.
 Xie, Debacker, and Ferguson (2006) advocated for a blended learning setting
 in which class discussions and debates are later kept alive through online
 tools, such as online bulletin boards and web forums.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
In contrast with those researchers who have seen the benefits of online
 education as a complement to their ordinary school activity, some experts
 have determined that virtual learning methods should be entirely avoided.
 For instance, Szpunar, Moulton, and Schacter (2013) suggested that students
 may tend to procrastinate or be driven by excessive mind-wandering when
 studying or working from home without the watchful eye of a teacher figure.
 On the other hand, teachers are also humans and can, therefore, also find
 themselves some lost in a STeLE turning point.
 In Willis and Cifuentes (2005), educators were advised and encouraged to
 receive previous training before fully switching to an online environment.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
